now an investigation has found that
between October and December last year
at least 60 Palestinian families
suffered the loss of more than 25 or
more members in Israeli bombings the
agency the Associated Press analyzed 10
of the deadliest Israeli strikes between
October the 7th and December the 24th
they collectively killed more than 500
people AP says None of these strikes
appear to Target a military objective
nor was a direct warning given to those
inside many residential buildings
one family lost at least 270 members in
an attack on the densely populated
jabalia refugee camp Israeli bombs wiped
out the entire block of buildings nearly
40 members of the same family lost their
lives according to gaza's health
Ministry 300 Palestinian families have
lost more than 10 members double the
number affected during the 51-day war in
2014 Israel says it takes measures to
mitigate against civilian casualties but
the world's top Court the international
Court of justices considering whether
Israel is committing genocide in
Gaza aad Abu akesh is the accountability
program director with defense for
children Palestine he's in tulkarem and
joins us from there live good to have
you with us sir on the program is this
report an investigation by Associated
Press coincidence or a reality when
missiles and bombs hit such a small
community in a very small area that sort
of entire families can be wiped out in
an
instance I think as a result of the
intensity intensity of the bombardment
towards residential area uh or
residential areas in Gazza STP which is
part and parcel of the Israeli military
operation in Gaza to put the pressure on
civilians so the killing of entire
families and different Generations from
uh the uh same family it's a as an
organization we documented many cases
where some part of the family were
killed in U one incident and the other
part of the family were killed in
another incident so this is because of
the in intensive bombardment whether
aial or ground the bment towards
residential area of Gaz strip and we
come across many who were targeted two
or three times during the process of
their evacuation from one place to
another place in their attempt to seek
for um uh Security in another place
despite can I jump in there sir just Mr
let me just jump in there when you spoke
to those families who moved from one
location to the other did they feel they
were targeted were they given any um for
warning that their building or that
their location was going to be
targeted uh in majority of the incidents
there is no warning from the Israeli
side to uh those uh families and uh
almost all our documentation indicated
that this place was targeted without
prayer warning and which led to the
killing of many of those families among
them uh children so uh this uh is one of
the questions that our field worker ask
the families who list a family member or
more whether uh they receive warning or
not and in other incidents they inform
us that uh they reive warning but the uh
time span was not enough in order to uh
Evacuate the place that has been
targeted or the neighbor uh uh house or
building was targeted without their
knowledge so for the Israelis it's not
an issue to warn Palestinians on the
contrary we believe that part of the uh
military Israeli military strategy is to
claim the life of civilians in order to
push to put pressure on the resistant
group in order to surrender and this um
explains casties civilians let me just
let me just jump in there then so
obviously a lot to unpick so therefore
are you saying from the evidence that
you've cated in relation to this
investigation by Associated Press which
are both independent and both very
different one outside of the Gaza Strip
and one uh from where you are uh within
the occupied territories how do you
expect or how do you think your findings
and your report and your conclusions can
be used to Enlighten The Wider public
the leaders the politicians the uh
activists in terms of making them
understand what's going on on the ground
certainly in
Gaza I think the problem now it's not a
lack of knowledge or understanding of
what is going on in Gaza it's uh related
to the lack of iCal will in order to
restrain Israel from continuing the
genocide against Palestinian people
because U what's going on in Gaza is a
life in many televisions and uh the
International Community is fully aware
about the genocide that Israel is
committing against Palestinians living
in Gaza Strip H but the problem that
there is no political will to put any uh
measures in Israel to stop this genocide
before we used to say that the
International Community uh is absent but
we believe that now the International
Community is present in supporting
Israel whether in terms of political or
diplomatic or military support for uh
Israel and this emboldened Israel to
continue it's genocide against
Palestinians so the problem um related
to the flow of uh uh uh Essentials for
people the International Community is
watching the uh starvation that Israel
is committing without being able to
pressure Israel to the FL of we
certainly get that part of the the the
the the narrative certainly we have to
leave it there I'm afraid Sir Mr a Abu
at thanks for joining us from tul thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler